[docs][recipes] Querying data in pages (#15704)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/recipes.md

## Querying data

### Using PageQuery

You can use the `graphql`-tag to query data in your pages.

#### Directions

1. Import `graphql` from `gatsby`.

2. Export a constant named `query` and set its value to be a `graphql` [tagged template](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Template_literals) with the query between two backticks.

> 3. Destruct `data` from props.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Pass in `data` as a prop to the component.
```
I think the terminology could be simplified here so that people aren't thrown off by destructuring. Either that or we'll have to explain it.

> 4. The `data` variable now holds the queried data with the expected shape.

Reviewer: If you end up going with the simplified terminology suggestion above, this could flow a little better:
```suggestion
4. The `data` variable which holds the queried data with the expected shape can be referenced in JSX to output HTML.
```
